<sup>[SCA Handbook](/sca-handbook/index.html) | [Part 3: Committees](../03_committees/index.html) | [3-15 Western Archives institute](../03_committees/03-15_wai.html)</sup> 

# 3-15-2 Western Archives Institute Assistant/Associate Administrator

## General Description

The Assistant/Associate Administrator acts as the deputy chief administrative officer for the Western Archives Institute (WAI) Joint Management Committee (Management Committee). The Assistant/Associate Administrator Acts as a chief administrative officer in the absence of the Administrator.

## Responsibilities

### General
1. With the Management Committee, manages the operations of WAI.
2. Participates in meetings and decisions of the Management Committee.
3. With the Management Committee, selects the On-site and Local Arrangements Coordinator.

### Financial
4. Reviews WAI financial records.

### Program
5. With the Management Committee, reviews and selects facilities for WAI including site visits.
6. With the Management Committee, selects the Principal Faculty Member and adjunct faculty to participate in WAI.
7. With the Management Committee, selects publications for students.
8. May participate in WAI opening and closing ceremonies, as necessary.

### Publicity
9. Prepared and sends out publicity for WAI including brochures, flyers, and press releases.

### Participants
10.	Prepares student application form and application package. Sends applications in response to requests.
11.	With the Management Committee, reviews student applications and selects students to attend WAI.

### Communication
12.	May assist in preparation of mailings to students including sending local arrangements information, admission letters, and publications that are sent in advance of the program.
13.	May assist in preparation of mailings to faculty.
14.	Reproduces faculty handouts, as necessary.

### Reporting and Evaluation
15.	With the Management Committee, reviews student and faculty evaluations.
16.	With Administrator, maintains WAI records. 

## Benefits

The Assistant/Associate Administrator will receive an honorarium, to be determined by the SCA Board, provided the Assistant/Associate Administrator does not receive financial support from their institution to participate in WAI.

WAI will cover any reasonable expenses incurred by the Assistant/Associate Administrator in carrying out their responsibilities.

***

_Revision history: 8/98 nz, 12/99 nz, 11/00 nz, 06/02 nz, 07/02 nz, 06/04 nz, 07/07 sb, 08/09 jbr, 10/2017 llc, 04/2019 llc_
