---
title: 3-14-1-1 Advertising Rates

---

# 3-14-1-1 Advertising Rates

_SOCIETY OF CALIFORNIA ARCHIVISTS NEWSLETTER_

The Society of California Archivists Newsletter provides quarterly news and events of local and national importance for its California, national, and international members. Our paid circulation is approximately 500 issues per quarter. We are one of the largest regional archives groups in the United States.

COMMERCIAL RATES:
(Applies to all individuals or groups selling a product or services. We sell interior advertising space only; no advertising available for cover or exterior back pages.) **Most commonly-requested sizes are bold-faced.**

- **Full page:    $150.00**
- 2/3 page:	      $125.00
- **Half-page:	  $100.00**
- 1/3 page:	      $ 75.00
- **Quarter-page:	$ 50.00**
- 1/6 page:	      $ 30.00
- 1/12 page:	    $ 20.00
- Discount of 10% applies for three or more consecutive ad placements.
- For preferred placement add 20%.

ARTWORK SUBMISSION:
- Artwork must conform to standard sizes; refer to Handbook Section 3-13-1-2.
- All artwork should be submitted via email attachment.
- Files should be submitted as high resolution TIF files of at least 300 dpi resolution, with higher resolution images preferred. Please call or e-mail if you have any technical questions or concerns relating to the submission of materials.

DEADLINES: February 1, May 1, August 1, and November 1. Publication date is six weeks from this deadline.

PAYMENT:
Issue and invoice will be sent upon publication. Net 30 days applies to all accounts. Checks should be made payable to the **Society of California Archivists, Inc.**

TO INQUIRE ABOUT AD PLACEMENT, OR FOR ANY QUESTIONS, PLEASE CONTACT NEWSLETTER EDITOR.
 
Please note: The inclusion of advertisements does not constitute endorsement by SCA. The Editors reserve the right to refuse any advertising submission.

***

_Revision history: 4/02 dl, 6/09 jtm, 3/12 tep, 10/2017 llc, 04/2019 llc_
